// -*- C++ -*-
//
// This file is part of The Pivot framework.
// Written by Gabriel Dos Reis.
// See LICENSE for copright and license notices.
// 

unknown_cat,                            // ipr::Node    -- abstract
annotation_cat,                         // ipr::Annotation
region_cat,                             // ipr::Region
comment_cat,                            // ipr::Comment
string_cat,                             // ipr::String
linkage_cat,                            // ipr::Linkage
parameter_list_cat,                     // ipr::Parameter_list

overload_cat,                           // ipr::Overload

array_cat,                              // ipr::Array
class_cat,                              // ipr::Class
decltype_cat,                           // ipr::Decltype
as_type_cat,                            // ipr::As_type
enum_cat,                               // ipr::Enum
function_cat,                           // ipr::Function
namespace_cat,                          // ipr::Namespace
pointer_cat,                            // ipr::Pointer
ptr_to_member_cat,                      // ipr::Ptr_to_member
product_cat,                            // ipr::Product
qualified_cat,                          // ipr::Qualified
reference_cat,                          // ipr::Reference
rvalue_reference_cat,                   // ipr::Rvalue_reference
sum_cat,                                // ipr::Sum
template_cat,                           // ipr::Template
union_cat,                              // ipr::Union
auto_cat,                               // ipr::Auto

identifier_cat,                         // ipr::Identifier
operator_cat,                           // ipr::Operator
suffix_cat,                             // ipr::Suffix
conversion_cat,                         // ipr::Conversion
template_id_cat,                        // ipr::Template_id
type_id_cat,                            // ipr::Type_id
ctor_name_cat,                          // ipr::Ctor_name
dtor_name_cat,                          // ipr::Dtor_name
guide_name_cat,                         // ipr::Guide_name
rname_cat,                              // ipr::Rname

phantom_cat,                            // ipr::Phantom

address_cat,                            // ipr::Address
array_delete_cat,                       // ipr::Array_delete
complement_cat,                         // ipr::Complement
delete_cat,                             // ipr::Delete
deref_cat,                              // ipr::Deref
expr_list_cat,                          // ipr::Expr_list
sizeof_cat,                             // ipr::Sizeof
typeid_cat,                             // ipr::Typeid
id_expr_cat,                            // ipr::Id_expr
label_cat,                              // ipr::Label
not_cat,                                // ipr::Not
paren_expr_cat,                         // ipr::Paren_expr
post_decrement_cat,                     // ipr::Post_decrement
post_increment_cat,                     // ipr::Post_increment
pre_decrement_cat,                      // ipr::Pre_decrement
pre_increment_cat,                      // ipr::Pre_increment
throw_cat,                              // ipr::Throw
unary_minus_cat,                        // ipr::Unary_minus
unary_plus_cat,                         // ipr::Unary_plus;
expansion_cat,                          // ipr::Expansion

scope_ref_cat,                          // ipr::Scope_ref
plus_cat,                               // ipr::Plus
plus_assign_cat,                        // ipr::Plus_assign
and_cat,                                // ipr::And
array_ref_cat,                          // ipr::Array_ref
arrow_cat,                              // ipr::Arrow
arrow_star_cat,                         // ipr::Arrow_star
assign_cat,                             // ipr::Assign
bitand_cat,                             // ipr::Bitand
bitand_assign_cat,                      // ipr::Bitand_assign
bitor_cat,                              // ipr::Bitor
bitor_assign_cat,                       // ipr::Bitor_assign
bitxor_cat,                             // ipr::Bitxor
bitxor_assign_cat,                      // ipr::Bitxor_assign
call_cat,                               // ipr::Call
cast_cat,                               // ipr::Cast
comma_cat,                              // ipr::Comma
const_cast_cat,                         // ipr::Const_cast
datum_cat,                              // ipr::Datum
div_cat,                                // ipr::Div
div_assign_cat,                         // ipr::Div_assign
dot_cat,                                // ipr::Dot
dot_star_cat,                           // ipr::Dot_star
dynamic_cast_cat,                       // ipr::Dynamic_cast
equal_cat,                              // ipr::Equal
greater_cat,                            // ipr::Greater
greater_equal_cat,                      // ipr::Greater_equal
initializer_list_cat,                   // ipr::Initializer_list
less_cat,                               // ipr::Less
less_equal_cat,                         // ipr::Less_equal
literal_cat,                            // ipr::Literal
lshift_cat,                             // ipr::Lshift
lshift_assign_cat,                      // ipr::Lshift_assign
mapping_cat,                            // ipr::Mapping
member_init_cat,                        // ipr::Member_init
modulo_cat,                             // ipr::Modulo
modulo_assign_cat,                      // ipr::Modulo_assign
mul_cat,                                // ipr::Mul
mul_assign_cat,                         // ipr::Mul_assign
not_equal_cat,                          // ipr::Not_equal
or_cat,                                 // ipr::Or
reinterpret_cast_cat,                   // ipr::Reinterpret_cast
rshift_cat,                             // ipr::Rshift,
rshift_assign_cat,                      // ipr::Rshift_assign
static_cast_cat,                        // ipr::Static_cast
minus_cat,                              // ipr::Minus
minus_assign_cat,                       // ipr::Minus_assign

new_cat,                                // ipr::New
conditional_cat,                        // ipr::Conditional
scope_cat,                              // ipr::Scope

block_cat,                              // ipr::Block
break_cat,                              // ipr::Break
continue_cat,                           // ipr::Continue
ctor_body_cat,                          // ipr::Ctor_body
do_cat,                                 // ipr::Do
expr_stmt_cat,                          // ipr::expr_stmt_cat,
for_cat,                                // ipr::For
for_in_cat,                             // ipr::For_in
goto_cat,                               // ipr::Goto
handler_cat,                            // ipr::Handler
if_then_cat,                            // ipr::If_then
if_then_else_cat,                       // ipr::If_then_else
labeled_stmt_cat,                       // ipr::Labeled_stmt
return_cat,                             // ipr::Return
switch_cat,                             // ipr::Switch
while_cat,                              // ipr::While

alias_cat,                              // ipr::Alias
asm_cat,                                // ipr::Asm
base_type_cat,                          // ipr::Base_type
enumerator_cat,                         // ipr::Enumerator
field_cat,                              // ipr::Field
bitfield_cat,                           // ipr::Bitfield
fundecl_cat,                            // ipr::Fundecl
named_map_cat,                          // ipr::Named_map
parameter_cat,                          // ipr::Parameter
typedecl_cat,                           // ipr::Typedecl
var_cat,                                // ipr::Var
using_directive,                        // ipr::Using_directive

unit_cat,                               // ipr::Unit

last_code_cat

